00:38:55	Elise Bernhardt:	Anna Lublina (they/she) is an interdisciplinary performance maker and educator focused on building mutually beneficial relationships between humans, objects, and environments in their work and life. As the child of a Soviet Jewish immigrant, they are drawn to diaspora as a creative format. They reject disciplinary borders to instead explore the mutability of structure, linking social practice, object theater, dance, music, and text to create installations and performances that imagine more caring, equitable futures. 
Joseph V. Melillo was executive producer at the Brooklyn Academy of Music from 1999 to 2018, and was named executive producer emeritus upon his departure. He is Columbia Artists' International Artistic Advisor, and was a 2019 Director’s Fellow at the Center for Ballet and the Arts at New York University
00:39:12	Elise Bernhardt:	Anna Lublina (they/she) is an interdisciplinary performance maker and educator focused on building mutually beneficial relationships between humans, objects, and environments in their work and life. As the child of a Soviet Jewish immigrant, they are drawn to diaspora as a creative format. They reject disciplinary borders to instead explore the mutability of structure, linking social practice, object theater, dance, music, and text to create installations and performances that imagine more caring, equitable futures. 
Joseph V. Melillo was executive producer at the Brooklyn Academy of Music from 1999 to 2018, and was named executive producer emeritus upon his departure. He is Columbia Artists' International Artistic Advisor, and was a 2019 Director’s Fellow at the Center for Ballet and the Arts at New York University
00:39:40	Elise Bernhardt:	David Herskovits is the Founding Artistic Director of Target Margin Theater. He has directed a broad range of work, classics and neglected older work, new opera and music-theater, and adaptations of history and literature, for TMT and other theaters, festivals, and universities all over, including The Spoleto Festival USA, Theatre for A New Audience, Lincoln Center Festival, The Bonn Biennale, The Kitchen, Mass MoCA, and many others. His Target Margin works have won five OBIEs and been presented nationally and internationally. David has taught and lectured at The Mahindra Humanities Center and The Mellon School of Theater and Performance Research at Harvard, Yale, Williams, Wesleyan, The University of Nebraska, The School of Visual Art in Jerusalem, Juilliard, and other Universities and drama schools. He has written for The New York Times, American Theatre, Theatre Magazine, and Performing Arts Journal, among others.
00:39:59	Elise Bernhardt:	Meredith Monk is a composer, singer, director, choreographer, filmmaker, and creator of new opera, music-theater works, films and installations. Recognized as one of the most unique and influential artists of our time, she is a pioneer of what is now called “extended vocal technique” and “interdisciplinary performance”. Celebrated internationally, her work has been presented at major venues throughout the world. Over the last six decades Monk has received numerous awards and honors including a MacArthur Fellowship, Officer of the Order of Arts and Letters from the Republic of France, induction into the American Academy of Arts and Letters, the Dorothy and Lillian Gish Prize, and a National Medal of Arts. She is currently developing Indra’s Net, the third part of a trilogy of music-theater works exploring our interdependent relationship with nature.
00:41:21	Elise Bernhardt:	Please everyone mute yourself.  If you have questions during the panel please put them in the chat.  There will be a Q &A at around 12:15
00:52:44	Marion Stein:	David is breaking up
00:53:27	Elise Bernhardt:	I know David is breaking up a little but I think its his internet
01:17:52	Diane Samuels:	Thank you!
01:18:08	Elise Bernhardt:	www.jerusaleminternationalfellows.org
01:21:42	Diane Samuels:	Have to go to another meeting. Sorry to leave early.
01:29:37	Laurie Uprichard:	Thanks all. Wonderful to hear everyone’s experiences and perspectives.  And it’s such an exciting project!  Will be fascinating to hear from the fellows when they return!
01:29:52	David Herskovits he/him/his:	Thank you all so much!
01:29:55	Lilly Kaplan:	Amazing to hear everyone’s perspectives! Thank you all so much
